README.md, before:

# Wanderlust - WIP

### Cache warmer with priorities

Wanderlust, the yearning to travel through Google Analytics, Piwik, 
REST endpoints, sitemap.xml, etc to warm up the caches of your website.

### Cold Cache vs. Warm Cache ?

#### Cold Cache

There is analogy with cold engine and warm engine of the car. 

When the cache is empty or has irrelevant data, 
so that CPU needs to do a slower read from main memory 
for your program data requirement.

#### Warm Cache

When the cache contains relevant data, 
and all the reads for your program are satisfied from the cache itself.

## Architectural Overview

![mindmap](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SchumacherFM/wanderlust/master/mindmap/wanderlust.png)

- Ideas: [https://github.com/GordonLesti/Lesti_Fpc/issues/25](https://github.com/GordonLesti/Lesti_Fpc/issues/25)

## Build

Using [https://github.com/laher/goxc](https://github.com/laher/goxc)

Setup go/src for darwin, linux and windows [http://dave.cheney.net/2013/07/09/an-introduction-to-cross-compilation-with-go-1-1](http://dave.cheney.net/2013/07/09/an-introduction-to-cross-compilation-with-go-1-1)

Run `make build`. If you are interested in pre-compiled binaries, ping me.

Dependencies to external packages are all included in this repository. 
Yes there are apps like `godep` to handle this but I decided 
to implement each package directly. Maybe some parts will be moved out of the 
repository, mainly those which are on github and keep those which needs hg or bzr.

# Contributing

Please do not hesitate to send pull requests.

# License

General Public License

[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

# Author

[Cyrill Schumacher](https://github.com/SchumacherFM) - [My pgp public key](http://www.schumacher.fm/cyrill.asc)

[@SchumacherFM](https://twitter.com/SchumacherFM)

Made in Sydney, Australia :-)

Commit message:

Integrate davecheney/profile via ENV variables

README.md, after:

# Wanderlust - WIP

### Cache warmer with priorities

Wanderlust, the yearning to travel through Google Analytics, Piwik, 
REST endpoints, sitemap.xml, etc to warm up the caches of your website.

### Cold Cache vs. Warm Cache ?

#### Cold Cache

There is analogy with cold engine and warm engine of the car. 

When the cache is empty or has irrelevant data, 
so that CPU needs to do a slower read from main memory 
for your program data requirement.

#### Warm Cache

When the cache contains relevant data, 
and all the reads for your program are satisfied from the cache itself.

## Architectural Overview

![mindmap](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SchumacherFM/wanderlust/master/mindmap/wanderlust.png)

- Ideas: [https://github.com/GordonLesti/Lesti_Fpc/issues/25](https://github.com/GordonLesti/Lesti_Fpc/issues/25)

## Build

Using [https://github.com/laher/goxc](https://github.com/laher/goxc)

Setup go/src for darwin, linux and windows [http://dave.cheney.net/2013/07/09/an-introduction-to-cross-compilation-with-go-1-1](http://dave.cheney.net/2013/07/09/an-introduction-to-cross-compilation-with-go-1-1)

Run `make build`. If you are interested in pre-compiled binaries, ping me.

Dependencies to external packages are all included in this repository. 
Yes there are apps like `godep` to handle this but I decided 
to implement each package directly. Maybe some parts will be moved out of the 
repository, mainly those which are on github and keep those which needs hg or bzr.

## Profiling

To start the program with CPU profiling: `$ WL_PPROF_CPU=1 ./wanderlust [options] [arguments]`

To start the program with Memory profiling: `$ WL_PPROF_MEM=1 ./wanderlust [options] [arguments]`

To read the generated profile:

```
$ go tool pprof ./wanderlust /path/to/cpu.pprof
```

To generated fancy graphics to stdout:

```
$ go tool pprof [--pdf|svg|gif] ./wanderlust /path/to/cpu.pprof
```

# Contributing

Please do not hesitate to send pull requests.

# License

General Public License

[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html](http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html)

# Author

[Cyrill Schumacher](https://github.com/SchumacherFM) - [My pgp public key](http://www.schumacher.fm/cyrill.asc)

[@SchumacherFM](https://twitter.com/SchumacherFM)

Made in Sydney, Australia :-)
